The Joe Rogan experience.
You told me he got you up on a show. Yeah.
Um, at, and it's like I said, I melted it. Like, what's the guy, man,
the flying Jew. That's on his show. Lee and it,
I remember the first time I did it,
I was looking at him and Lee had a li a light maybes for these little
stars of death, little tree edibles here, eight, like for them. And,
and, and I'm looking, and he's literally over there melted
his eyes, opened it. I looked over, I all laid. It was like,
it was like a blob of a person over there. So I'm like, okay,
I'm never going to be like that on this show. Oh. A year later,
I'm literally in there. And he was like, ah, you know, eat,
do I eat,
eat edible? And I'm sitting there.
And I thought I was talking pretty regular at
first. And then all of a sudden I noticed that it's like, oh, I don't,
I don't think I'm speaking correctly. Like, and like, and he was like, no,
you up, you got, you got, got you. And I'm like, I got you.
I'm like, no, I don't. I don't, I don't think. And I'm looking at it.
I'm looking at Lee is like, yo wasted. Yeah.
I'm like, yeah, man. And so when I looked back and I was like, yo,
I was so up and I didn't even eat. I ate another edible, but the star,
he gave me that star. And this was this.
When people learn about me, I'm when I lose, I lose when I win,
I win. But I'm never embarrassed to say without a wimped out on some.
So I had,
I was already messing with these mushrooms. I was on mushrooms.
And then he gives me this star. And I'm like,
I told myself, I'm gonna eat it. I mean, he just started, let me just stop.
But I kept thinking about what other people was telling me.
Don't eat the death star, don't eat the star. And I'm like, oh no,
I'm gonna eat it, Joe. Ain't gonna punk me out.
So I'm staying at the lows.
And I literally stash the star at the
Lowe's in this, in, in the room. I'm like, whoa. When somebody find this,
they're going to have a good time. I'm not going to have this on me.
And then I stashed the mushrooms inside the hotels.
And what's a maintenance man probably found them and had a good time.
Like I was, I was wasted.
The too much, those stars. He's given them to me, the 250 milligrams.
That's too much. I seen Joey for those 4,000 milligrams. Like it's nothing.
We want to play him once.
And he had these Cheeba chews. I forget how many milligrams.
They were several hundred milligrams to, he pops to Cheeba chews.
I'm nervous just sitting next to him. I'm like, are you, he's like Joe Rogan,
come on. It's time to dance with the devil. So we're on the plane.
In the middle of the plane ride. He runs over. He grabs me.
He touched me with Joe Rogan. I almost had a packet that I almost,
I almost couldn't do it. I almost couldn't do it. He goes, but I'm fine.
And then he pulls out two more stars at death and throws them. And I'm like, no,
it was ha like, so he almost had a panic attack. And then two hours later,
we were on the way to New York, grabs me by the shoulder and tells me,
and then pops two more. Oh, he doesn't give a. He goes to the basement.
He goes right down there. He wants to see what's in the corners.
What's the.
I don't, I don't even understand how he could do so many edible.
I don't even strange. He had a, what did he try to give you this dude? Um,
an opioid it's like, I got the last two biscuits. I got this copy myself.
I was like,
[inaudible] like I said, how do you even have them too?
It's like the last two biscuits biscuits.
I was like, yo crazy.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.